How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Viewing the fc/diff between two files helped by isolating the line of the file with said bug.
While this process may be a bit tedious for small files, I assume it will become invaluable for larger files.
Using fc/diff also helps by removing the possibility that the user will miss a change between the files, such as a small typo.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

There are multiple ways having easy access to the entire history of a file can make me a more efficient programmer.
Having access to older version of files makes it easy to revert back to previous version if it is decided that the current path is no longer optimal.
Having access to a chain of older file versions shows the entire process of development, and the steps that were taken to implement ideas. This is helpful for learning.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

Pros: Saving a commit never occurs at a point when the code is in a state the won't compile or make logical sense. The user is aware of the specific details amd purpose of each commit.

Cons: It is possible for the user to forget to commit and lose all changes since the last commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

While Google Docs assumes that your files are documents that are not programatically linked to eachother, git assumes that a commit contains changes to numerous files because of the likelihood that these files contain references to eachother.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log and git diff can be used in combination to compare to commits and see the differences between them.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Knowing that I have several deprecated versions to fall back on acts as a safety net for me to make radical changes to my program.